hey guys gone j-rod here and today
you're going to learn how to upload
college ed black ops 2 in high
definition without a capture card so all
you need to do is make sure you have
your account link I don't show you how
to do that right now but if you don't
have a PVR you don't have a el gato it's
a great way to upload called we do black
ops 2 in a pretty good quality and you
know how to spend your money on so right
now we're the options and you go to make
sure your account is linked to youtube
if it is not linked to youtube now this
will matter not if it will work doesn't
matter yeah make sure this is what this
is this is working right now look at
these news in my lobby trying to try to
get my video try and get a shout-out
don't get no shout out I saw you need to
go to theater and you select a film
doesn't matter what film obviously for
you it'll be a I'm just gonna take this
drone one for me for you it'll be the
gameplay you want to record button meows
doesn't really matter i'm going to put
this one right here and all you gonna do
is you go down to render film see that
render film it only two minutes long we
can only do it for 10 with two minutes
long so that's a big part of it no
longer than two minutes so let's all
this rep right now hope you guys are all
having a great day it is only one day
after New Year's and hope you guys are
all having a great 2013 so far mine was
pretty good my new year's eve was great
actually it's fun it's fun preparing the
video now so yeah we can record up to
two minutes as i said before only two
minutes no longer than two minutes it
will not work it's longer than two
minutes it won't do it it'll just be
grey yeah so you're just going to record
right now in unit record for two minutes
actually 139 and just auto save the clip
right there and then you see right here
and upload films is right there and you
need to save saving saving sleeping and
they used to give this up message and
your that in film you can't do it from
there at the end film and then actually
give going back into your edited films
and get it so i think it's in cod to you
know no mind it's in the backpack now
it's in select film and then edited film
elder though your clip will be an edited
film after you do that and then the
render option will actually be available
now so i have to do is go dad then click
save and this video will pop up in your
video manager if you have your account
link i don't living people that do not
have their tell me there'd be like jay
rely why it's a new word j-rod well you
have to have your account link that's
why but yeah it will show up in your
video manager on youtube if you have
your account link otherwise it won't
work
so let's just see how long it takes in
boom soup and about to be done do you
know yep and click ok so then I'm taking
it back to the main menu on theater and
you're gonna give this message right
here that says good inc your video has
been successfully uploaded it visit the
video website you can link it but it
actually show up in your video manager
on youtube you'll have to worry about
the call video leave stuff it will show
up in your video manager on youtube so
if you guys do not have a PVR el gato
this is a great way to be started with
you too if you have a channel so far but
yeah post anything you don't want to
spend the money on a PVR anything like
that the great way to get started but
obviously it takes longer the longer the
clips gonna take line in a render and
the more clips we want to do a longer is
going to take you to record so this is
how can I did this is how i did it about
in 33 knowledge people ask me how do you
record without a how do you recruit
without a kiss cause a rod well I'm like
this is high doing and there nobody ever
got it they understand how to do it but
I hope you guys this did help you out
and definitely try it out try it out for
yourself see how it works for you guys
and have a great day